What is core, and language specific bindings should depend on it (#4)
webview/meta: README.md

- documentation
- testing

> Core is consisted of [the main webview repository](https://github.com/webview/webview) which provides the backbone for all the language specific bindings, and eventually each language binding should depend on it for providing similar underlying behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Core consists of [the main webview repository](https://github.com/webview/webview) which provides the backbone for all the language specific bindings, and eventually each language binding should depend on it for providing similar underlying behavior.
```
